Thank you.
welcome to the first ever vlog on a
blog sometime earlier today i came up with
the idea that you know the way that
the world has gone is that we enjoy
blogging.
You know, you look at X,
it's nothing but a camp out for bloggers.
And then Facebook is the same thing.
That is just this enormous reservoir of
blogging.
And because of the fact that we are
communicating the things of God to a world
that doesn't know him very well,
or doesn't know him at all,
we have engaged, haven't we, Kevin,
in the blogosphere.
Now you have at YouTube and you manage
a couple of YouTube channels for us and
supervise a number of social media
outreach.
There's a beautiful setup there where you
have hosts of news programs.
And we're going to do a series of
Yada news programs.
Before we did that,
we thought we'd have fun doing something
no one else has ever done.
And that is we're going to have the
first ever vlog on a blog.
So what we're going to do is we're
just literally going to go down the
Facebook page as it exists,
and each day we'll update it,
and we'll talk about those things that we
found interesting to blog about.
So we're going to blog on the blog.
So I see that the first image that
you have up is this –
really tremendously intense solar flare
that is targeting Earth right now.
And what's so interesting about this is
that, well,
they have said that as far south as
Minnesota,
you're going to have the aurora borealis
and the northern lights.
But you're down there in Missouri, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
We saw them last night.
They were they were on fire until probably
two or three a.m.
It was it was insane.
And I mean,
I don't mean a little bit of red
like in the north,
like where you can see the North Star.
I mean, directly above the entire sky,
all the way up,
all ninety degrees above my head was red
with the green.
It was it was insane.
Wow.
Has to be just beautiful.
I've only seen the Northern Lights once
when I was in Alaska a long,
long time ago.
And it was spectacular.
It's candy for the sky.
It's like you've got the most beautiful
jewelry and you place it up there in
the sky or that you were going to
take the rainbow, which we all love,
but paint the rainbow against the stars.
Right.
What a beautiful sight.
But this the good news is that this
solar flare is resulting and literally the
sky orchestrating its beauty.
Heaven showing off, if you will.
And tonight you have a double show from
the heavens and that it's also one of
the larger meteor showers.
So there are going to be meteors that
are going to be,
and these are long streak bright meteors
that are going to be part of the
show tonight.
And so it's really going to be an
extraordinary thing.
The only thing you want to be careful
of is that these solar flares have a
tendency to knock out electronics because
of the EMP kind of waves that they
generate.
Oh, sure.
And they even talk about,
Space Weather News talks about people
flying at high altitudes,
like on commercial flights and stuff like
that.
The amount of radiation is higher during
this time and things.
I mean, I know they're pretty,
but realize that this is the sun cooking
the Earth's magnetosphere.
Yeah,
I don't think right now I'm a pilot.
In fact, I'm actually type rated in jets,
ATP pilot and have flown lots in my
own airplanes at thirty thousand feet and
there above.
And I can tell you that.
as as important as the electronics are on
an airplane and as uh troublesome as it
is when they don't function properly I'm
not certain that my biggest concern in a
jet at this point would be my genes
surviving the the radiation i think i'd
also be a little concerned about those
instruments that
When we get on the ground,
we can worry about the DNA damage, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
One has a very short duration for
catastrophe and the other one, you know,
plays out over a longer period of time.
I really don't think that my gene mutation
now is going to be the thing that
takes me out.
Right.
Yeah.
I agree.
There are definitely bigger things to
worry about.
Yeah.
Did you see this?
This was the most amazing thing.
I think I, well,
you can't say the most amazing thing with
Trump because everything with Trump is off
the charts weird.
Now,
what he's doing here is Trump has his
own line of cologne.
Trump will hawk everything.
That's all he is.
He's using the presidency as a way to
publicize and promote his own brand.
And this is a Trump perfume.
And so Trump is not only spraying his
perfume and trying to tell people I was
the greatest in the world.
He's spraying it on ISIS terrorists.
Yeah.
Al Jolani here that he's spraying and one
of Al Jolani's henchmen.
So he's having fun slapping this fellow on
the shoulder.
See like that.
This is the traffic and little girls.
This is a guy who sponsored pedophilia for
sale.
This is a guy who massacred countless
individuals,
particularly Yazidi men and women and
Christians.
He crucified people.
This is the most ruthless terrorist on the
planet.
Trump has him on Veterans Day in the
White House after, what,
ten thousand Americans sacrificed their
lives to rid the world of Islamic State
terrorists.
And here he's got him in the White
House on Veterans Day and he's dousing
them with his own brand of perfume.
Yeah, take it home to your wives.
He said, yeah,
we're all just great buds here.
I saw an interview earlier.
He asked, how many wives do you have?
Right.
Truly, I mean, truly astonishing that...
that we're witnessing Trump do this.
Now,
the reason we will spend a lot of
time on this vlog on the blog dishing
Trump is not because we're liberal.
I don't know about you politically.
When I was political going back twenty
years ago,
I was too conservative to be a Republican.
You know,
I am a big fan of free enterprise,
personal accountability,
personal responsibility,
government staying out of our lives,
rewarding success and punishing failure,
as opposed to the government that we have
now that punishes success and rewards
failure.
So I'm way too conservative to have been
a Republican.
Our whole approach to this is that
We're students of Yahowah and of the
prophets.
And if you're a student of Yahowah,
you know that he asked us not to
be political.
So we just stopped being political.
But by telling us to not be political,
he isn't just saying avoid conversation
with it.
He wants us to point out the reasons
why we should distrust politicians,
because until
a person disassociates from both religion
and politics,
they're not put in a position where they
can be part of the covenant.
And we serve Yahowah's covenant family.
So it's important for us to expose the
things that are wrong about politics.
That does not make us political.
It makes us anti-political.
You got to be informed.
So at least you know what you're against
and have, you know,
you talk about your two.
I haven't, I didn't,
I voted one time in my life.
And in that election,
it was the hanging chads.
And I never voted again after that,
after I saw that thing go down in
Broward County.
I was a kid.
I was like, oh, this is ridiculous.
You know, once upon a time,
I was quite political.
I've met during my day presidents,
prime ministers, secretaries of state,
senators had them in my home.
I was in their home,
flew them on my airplanes.
I was up to here in politics.
And part of it is because
I was the founding CEO of a business
that was valued in the billions of
dollars.
And that is like the moth to the
flame when you're dealing with
politicians.
So I was once exceedingly political and
now I'm anti-political.
But I also took the time to
learn the truth about these guys.
Like, you know,
I got to know George W. Bush.
And while I was getting to know him,
one of the things that he told me
is that he wanted to be a wartime
president and that when he was president,
one of the first things he would do
is get America involved in a war because
he knew that would galvanize support
around him.
Sure.
and what did he do he became president
declared war on on uh afghanistan and then
iraq claimed that afghanistan was uh uh
the reason behind nine eleven when it had
nothing to do with nine eleven there
wasn't a single afghani involved in the uh
the operation and then claiming that uh
iraq was harboring al-qaeda when saddam
hussein hated fundamentalist muslims and
was absolutely
There wasn't, yeah, a single,
it wasn't a single Al Qaeda member in
Iraq.
And then he blamed them for having weapons
of mass destruction, which by the way,
as an independent country would have been
fine.
That's not, that was their right,
but they didn't even have them.
He just lied about everything.
And I knew he was going to do
it because we had talked about it.
It's incredibly disappointing.
But the other reason is that having
studied Yahowah's prophets,
we were the first to properly disclose and
officially disclose that that man right
there is the Antichrist.
He is the one that is depicted in
Isaiah,
and he is the one that's depicted in
Daniel.
He's also the one that's depicted in
Ezekiel.
There's no question whatsoever about it.
You're looking at the Torah-less one
that's the great betrayer,
and he is going to bring the world
to its knees.
Yeah,
and Israel's going to welcome him in.
I mean,
they call him the Cyrus the Great.
They're ready for him, you know.
Israel is the only place where Trump has
a majority approval.
Yeah, right.
We were talking earlier in the bridge.
Yeah.
This is interesting, this photograph here.
You know what this is a photograph of?
A building or buildings, I guess.
Well,
it's a complex of buildings larger than
the entire city of San Francisco.
It's the new factory for BYD.
BYD means build your dreams.
BYD is a EV company.
That's all they do.
They make electric vehicles.
They are, I think now,
the largest electric vehicle manufacturer
in the world.
It is a Chinese company.
Their styling is very, very good.
We're
Elon's Tesla styling is very, very tired.
He doesn't have a single vehicle that I
would say, well,
that's really attractive visually.
So BYD has much better styling.
They have much better pricing.
And in many cases,
they have better technology.
And these are fully robotic factories.
These are really state of the art
factories.
And it's putting BYD in a position that
will devour Tesla in terms of EVs.
And it was the reason I came to
the conclusion that looking at Tesla sales
of EVs, they were rapidly declining.
particularly in Europe,
but they were rapidly declining until this
last quarter.
And this last quarter had a slight
increase over the same quarter a year ago,
but it had nothing to do with Tesla's
viability.
It had to do the fact that this
is the last time that the US seventy
five hundred dollar incentive for EVs
would be applicable.
And so it was the last time you
could buy an EV with that incentive.
Now without it,
Tesla is in serious trouble.
And Tesla is in serious trouble as an
automobile company for a number of
reasons.
And one of the reasons is that Elon
Musk not only abandoned his company,
he spent a year away from his company,
but he destroyed...
Tesla's image and his image by becoming
Donald Trump BFF.
And Donald Trump is a egotistical maniac.
He is, well, demon possessed.
He is a confabulator.
He is such a destructive influence in the
world.
And Elon Musk is responsible for getting
him elected.
And then when Musk was with him,
Musk acted so evil.
inappropriately that he destroyed his
reputation and in the process he destroyed
tesla's reputation to the point that if
you're driving around in a tesla
particularly that uh that ugly pickup
truck your car is going to be keyed
and and so he made it
unpopular to own these cars.
And these cars,
EVs only sell because of the stigma on
popularity that's associated with an EV.
An EV is really a terrible choice in
the sense that they aren't environmentally
friendly.
They're environmentally more caustic
because of the batteries that are required
to
to run them and you still have to
generate the electricity that's fed into
them.
And so they are not carbon neutral because
you have to generate the electricity and
they are exceedingly destructive to the
environment.
And they're really a poor value compared
to a gas
internal combustion cars.
So they're purchased on kind of an
emotional trigger that you think you're
doing something good for the environment.
So you ruin the company's reputation.
You don't have anything left.
So I think it was the reason why
I was commenting on the shareholder
meeting that he just had.
It was all dark and purple tones.
And the only thing he wanted to talk
about was Optima.
You know,
we're going to make robots because it's
for darn sure that the future of Tesla
as an automobile company is fading.
It's no longer a growth stock.
And that company is so overvalued as a
result.
I think it's...
It's pretty dire.
And when you see something this size
that's larger than the city of San
Francisco and it's all new,
state-of-the-art EV manufacturer by BYD,
and they already have distribution
everywhere.
The only reason BYD is not a household
name for Americans is that there was a
hundred percent duties put on those cars
to protect Tesla.
And that will come off.
And not to mention something this size,
the economy of scale.
China already does a good job of scaling
up quickly and being able,
because of the volume that they do,
making inexpensive products a value there.
To do this with automobiles,
the big three are going to be checking
their eyes.
You know, wait a minute, you know, GM,
Mopar and Ford,
everybody's going to hold on.
If China can crank out automobiles,
even if they are electric, you know,
still the price of those things will come
will be possibly affordable for regular
people that live in a city that would
only travel.
twenty miles to work and twenty miles back
in a grocery store.
You know,
not people living in the burbs trying to
commute downtown eighty miles or sixty
miles.
The EV is not useful if you're going
to drive any distance.
If you're just commuting back and forth to
the grocery store or to work and that's
close by, an EV is fine.
But we have gone way past the time
when the myth that Chinese products were
junk, they aren't.
And in technology, China is the driver,
not America anymore.
Certainly not Europe.
So this is an interesting photograph for
that purpose.
And it's something that Americans should
be aware of.
Yeah,
there's something that I commented on too.
It's the first really aerial view.
of the destruction of the eastern wing of
the White House.
Back in the day that I was the
CEO of a public company and was a
billionaire,
I had several people that worked for me
that also became officers in the Bush
White House.
So in particular,
and then also I was I had my
chief of staff was a three star general,
a really high quality individual.
And so between the White House and and
his job was liaison in and out of
the White House and in the Pentagon.
And so I had spent a lot of
time.
I spent a lot of time inside of
the White House,
meals there in the private dining room,
spent a lot of time in the Oval
Office before it became a whorehouse with
all the gold,
and spent a lot of time also in
the Eastern Wing.
The Eastern Wing is where you used to
enter the White House,
and it's also where the First Lady's
offices were as well.
The reason that this means something to
me,
beyond the fact that Trump thinks that he
owns the building,
which means he's never gonna move out,
is that,
and he's so unbelievably destructive,
to do something of this magnitude to that
building should have been a referendum of
the people.
People should have been able to see it
and say, we want this,
we don't want this.
Second is the issue with scale.
What he is building there is going to
dwarf the White House.
It is absolutely monstrous and massive,
much taller, much wider,
much longer than the White House.
Rather than being a little wing,
which as you can see,
that is the West Wing that's by your
head there.
Rather than being the West Wing,
this ballroom is going to be ostentatious.
What it reminds me of is what we
came to understand in the book of Ezekiel.
Ezekiel is not a prophetic book in the
sense of Ezekiel was a prophet.
He was not.
Ezekiel is actually a satanically inspired
tome.
Now,
that doesn't mean it doesn't have value.
It does because Satan...
He confesses to many things,
including his view of what took place in
Eden when he was beguiling Chawah,
and then he was demoted to a snake,
a serpent.
So there are lots of interesting things in
it,
what he's going to do to corrupt the
seven Mow'ed Miqraey of Yahowah.
But the most interesting of all,
with this picture in mind,
is that the last third of Ezekiel is
focused on this individual called Bronze
Boy or Copper Man.
And so we have a Copper Man in
the White House right now.
And the function of Bronze Boy or Copper
Man, the copper confabulator,
is to do all of the measuring and
the presentation and the layout of a
temple that is so gargantuan
that it paves over all of the Temple
Mount and all of Jerusalem and actually
encroaches on most of Judea.
This is the scale of this thing.
It's just monstrous for naming rights for
Satan himself.
And it's all being laid out and designed
by the copper con who is working in
Ezekiel with it.
He's bronze man, the measure man.
And so what this is,
is a dress rehearsal for what's going to
happen in
in jerusalem uh in beginning in when they
try to pave over the temple mount and
erect their monstrosity with naming rights
to donald trump and satan so what you're
seeing here is actually a a precursor to
a prophecy that will be played out here
in the next uh five or six years
Yeah,
I know that there's been remodels before,
the bowling alley, the tennis courts,
the swimming pool,
those sorts of things that each president
is able to do or change.
But I'm just, like you say,
the scale of this thing,
I'm surprised there's not some sort of,
you can't change the front end of a
building in downtown St.
Louis without going to the Historical
Society and asking permission.
You know what I mean?
But he didn't go to any historical society
here.
He just did it because he's acts like
dear fear.
Yeah.
And I'm surprised that there aren't some
sort of historical protections on that
building like that.
I mean, and if there are,
he's the heck with it.
You know,
this building has to be a national
landmark.
I mean,
it has to be a national landmark,
but he did, but yeah,
Everybody is afraid of him.
So they're afraid of him.
So if you were a part of the
historic society and it's a national
landmark, you challenge him,
he will have you fired.
And then he will disgrace you.
And most people aren't willing to do that.
It's like he went in before the eight
hundred admirals and generals.
And at the time I posted,
I said that the lifestyle of the admirals
and generals is to the point where they're
so grossly overpaid and they have their
own jets to fly around and they have
chauffeur driven limousines.
They have free extravagant housing.
They have their own butler and chef.
that it's such an extravagant lifestyle
that of these eight hundred,
I said I'd be surprised if eight of
them resign.
When when Trump came in and did his
you either support me and and go to
war in American cities and violate the
Constitution,
you are loyal to me or you're fired.
I said,
I think there'll be eight of them.
I think that's how low we have gone.
And from what I have read,
there have been four.
Four?
Okay, yeah.
Four.
Wow.
Yeah, that's what we're dealing with now.
Donald Trump is the Hannibal Lecter of
politics.
He literally is a cannibal.
And he not only destroys his enemies,
he destroys his friends.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah,
I remember him going to the Fed once.
and dressing down the Fed chairman in the
Fed over the construction project that was
there and everything.
And it's, wow.
And of course he was wrong.
He pulled out that sheet and he said,
yeah, this is the total.
He says, no,
that includes a building that was redone
several years ago.
And Trump said, no, it doesn't.
Oh yes, it did.
Right.
Yeah.
So this is a,
this is a really a prophetic boondoggle
right here.
You're looking at what's going to happen
in Jerusalem.
With with this.
Oh, back to the Epstein.
Oh, yeah.
So this is is an interesting thing that
The New York Times has and The Wall
Street Journal have figured out how to
pressure Trump with his own medicine.
This is the Chinese water drop torture.
where every day there's a or every week
there's a new drop.
Of course,
when Trump threatened to sue them because
he said that there was no birthday book
for Epstein and that he never signed and
drew a birthday card for Epstein.
And then they published the one that he
drew and it was disgusting.
And it actually admitted that he was aware
of those secrets.
And
And since that time,
that would have been enough to have caused
anybody that's the least bit moral to have
rejected Trump.
But Trump's response to all of this is
to not only deny,
which he's denying his own signature here,
and it's obvious, but to confuse,
to confound people with so much craziness
that...
Five hundred things are have happened that
cause you to be out of your mind
so that you lose interest in that last
one.
Well,
the Chinese torture test here of water
drops is what they're doing here.
Now they say that there are emails in
that file and they're going to continue to
get more and more that where Epstein is
saying that Donald Trump not only knew.
after he had been convicted of sex
trafficking, that this was being done,
but went over there and spent considerable
time with one of the girls who had
been sex trafficked.
Wow.
And the best thing that little Miss Prissy
Blondie with the cross had to say is,
all those emails do is venerate Trump and
said he did nothing wrong.
And oh, by the way,
it's a Democratic hoax.
you're right yeah yeah you're looking at
the uh the antichrist here and he is
a a pedophile now that should ring true
for people who are aware if particularly
if you read my books the five volumes
of twistianity and the five volumes of
goddamn religion both muhammad and paul
admitted they were demon possessed donald
trump is demon possessed he hasn't
admitted it but he is uh and we
know that from the prophets
Satan has a type.
If you look at what Paul said,
Paul said, I'm a sexual pervert.
He actually wrote that in Romans.
He says,
I wouldn't have known I was a sexual
pervert had I not known the Torah.
But having read the Torah,
I know I'm a sexual pervert.
And Muhammad was a rapist, a pedophile.
He was incestuous.
He was as disgusting as you could be
sexually.
This is Satan's type.
So we should not be surprised that the
president of the United States is a rapist
and that he is a sexual predator.
He did mention that he doesn't think he's
going to heaven.
You remember that?
I don't know if that's... Twice.
Twice he said so.
Well, I can assure him.
I've confirmed his reservations.
In fact, I get to escort him.
He and I are going to have quite
the rendezvous on the Temple Mount.
We're going to have a little disagreement.
And at the conclusion of that
disagreement,
that man right there gets sent to an
eternity in Sheowl, which is hell.
So he has a confirmed reservation.
He does not need to worry about heaven.
He knows it.
And so the only thing that's troubling at
all about Trump is that even though
Gabriel, who is Doed, our king,
said that he is going to be long
in days,
which means he's going to be a really
old guy,
even though we're told that he is by
the time that twenty thirty three rolls
around,
that he's going to be in a wheelchair,
which is not surprising.
And we're told that he has goatish comb
over hair, which this man clearly does.
And Ezekiel, of course,
we know that he's copper colored,
which this man clearly is.
That he has an ego that's unbridled,
is egomaniacal.
And that he is a sexual pervert.
and that he's meddling in world affairs
where he does not belong.
Well, all of that,
and of course the timing,
it's the United States that betrays
Israel,
that forces the two-state solution on
Israel, that makes Israel indefensible,
that ushers in the time of trouble.
And it describes Trump as the president of
the United States doing that in both
Daniel and also in Isaiah.
So we know it's this man,
but there are very few things that I
have learned prophetically.
And, you know,
I've done this twenty four years now,
one hundred thousand hours invested in
studying Yahowah's prophets.
There's only a couple of things that have
caused me consternation to announce.
And one of them is that Donald Trump
is the person that the prophets are
portraying as the great betrayer,
who is the corporeal manifestation of
Satan.
And the reason for that is that twofold.
One is the whole world has been psyched
into believing that he's going to be a
young guy that's going to be dashing and
slick and everything else.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
And this guy is a real piece of
crap.
I mean,
he is one of the most vulgar, disgusting,
dishonest,
reprehensible men in the history of
humanity.
He may be the worst man who ever
lived.
And so that is not the image that
they had anticipated,
although he is very good at fooling
people.
The MAGA still believe that he is a
great president as opposed to a piece of
crap.
Now,
the other part is he's falling apart in
terms of health.
He has dementia.
He is a confabulator,
which means that there's very little
correlation between what he believes and
says in reality.
I mean, every day,
he pronounced at the Tomb of the Unknown
Soldier for Veterans Day that he has a
ninety two percent approval rating when
it's in the mid to low thirties.
Everything about him is fake.
Great.
Everybody loves me.
How is a man who is clearly out
of his mind and is aging this poorly
going to survive another seven and a half
years?
Yeah.
So that was the part that made it
really uncomfortable to make this
pronouncement.
But, you know,
the deal is you work with Yahowah long
enough and you listen to his prophets.
You go where the words lead and you
stake your reputation on their right.
They've never been wrong before.
That's the Antichrist.
Yeah.
What else?
Yeah, I posted this for a singular reason.
This is in the...
about the German concentration camps that
may even be outside of Auschwitz as
they're trying to delice the hair of this
woman.
And what I keep on emphasizing,
and I think I may be the only
person who has made and who has promoted
this conclusion,
which is that men and women can be
good or bad individually,
but collectively,
men and women are always bad.
If you unite them,
collectivizing them and Marxism,
which is what the Nazis were and what
the Soviets were under Stalin and what Mao
Zedong's gang were.
If you collectivize them under Marxism,
they're going to be exceedingly brutal and
deadly and destructive.
And they were.
well over a hundred million people killed
by Marxists over this last hundred years.
But the same thing is true with
Christianity and with Islam.
And it is almost universally true if you
look at empires like the Carthaginians,
empires like the Greeks,
empires like the Romans,
that
that men in large organizations are
ruthless, they're brutal,
they're absolutely evil.
And it is only when people are
individually responsible for their own
actions and they're not part of a gang
that they can be good or evil.
But political and religious man,
universally evil.
Yeah,
that concentration of power in such a
small group
it just gives too much opportunity for
horrible things to happen.
You look throughout history when power is
concentrated that way, that's horrible.
That's only half the problem though,
Kevin.
Right.
Yes.
And a Marxist system and in religion,
like with Christianity and the popes and
that sort of thing.
And with the Islam, with the kings,
power is concentrated and concentrated
power corrupts.
That's true.
That isn't the biggest problem.
The biggest problem is that in groups,
among Muslims,
amongst right-wing wacko Christians,
among Magas, among the Nazis,
among the Soviets in Russia,
they become part of the gang,
they become part of the group.
And what you see in any gang is
that people will act far worse than they
would individually.
They share responsibility with the group
and the whole group comes to manifest the
worst in humanity and never the best in
humanity.
And so it's the gang mentality that leads
people to be the worst that they can
be and they they shirk individual
responsibility they're no longer thinking
well boy that's that's murder or that's
thievery or those are drugs that are going
to hurt somebody they don't think that way
anymore it's we as the group are doing
it and I'm part of this group so
we this is the ethos of the group
and it just takes people down to the
lowest
possible denominator so it's not just the
concentration of power which is an issue
it's the group gang mentality of those who
support them you know when you look at
the rise of adolf hitler they lined the
streets uh and they were part of that
collective they became what he was yeah
from the top down yeah
Yeah, this is just a fun one here.
It says that a diamond is simply coal
that has done well under pressure.
One of the great lines,
most people probably don't know that a
diamond is nothing but carbon,
but it's carbon after...
It's endured tremendous pressure.
And so that diamond,
with all of its brilliance and the facets
and the way that it breaks down color
and light is is really and obviously that
is not a diamond in that man's hand
of that size.
But they make some now that are
artificial,
that are absolutely spectacular.
but isn't it interesting that something uh
just carbon and you know we're a
carbon-based life form right that under
pressure can be something that is uh that
revealing uh the way that it reflects
light and so i looked at this and
says you know that is that's really us
uh I'm a big advocate for uh people
developing character when it's forged in
adversity uh it's
overcoming challenges that make us tough,
that give us confidence and resolve and
resiliency is dealing with the pressures
of life.
And so I look at us as a
carbon-based life form,
enduring the pressures of life and coming
out ultimately as brilliant and refined as
that diamond.
Sure.
And
You know, diamonds, like you were saying,
not just size,
but they don't come out cut that way
in order for them to reflect light,
to sparkle, to do that.
They have to be multifaceted.
They can't just be that one lump of
pressurized, you know,
carbon that comes out of the ground like
that in order for them to be spectacular.
They do have to be multifaceted.
But you know that the diamond is conceived
in a way that it cleaves on fracture
lines like that so that you can strike
it and it will create these angles that
are so spectacular and amazing.
And those angles come out in a way
that reflects light beautifully and that
in the hands of a really an excellent
jeweler,
they can look at a stone and they
can visualize exactly where to strike it
to get the maximum value.
both size, brilliance, clarity,
and reflective qualities of that stone,
the maximum light out of the stone.
Every stone is a story to them and
the way that they are able to strike
it.
So it has qualities that are well beyond
just the fact that it has these potential
for those reflecting light in such a way.
It's a beautiful thing.
We kind of talked about this a little
bit yesterday.
Yeah,
this is something that bothers me a great
deal that there are so many.
pro-Israeli accounts on social media that
are trying to justify the utter
destruction of Gaza.
And their claim here is,
if you were celebrating this,
then don't cry for this.
And of course,
a child that was murdered in their bed
by a Muslim invading Israel on the seventh
of October of two years ago,
of twenty three,
and that it led therefore to the
destruction of Gaza.
And I had a contrarian view then,
and I have it now.
And I am certain that I was right
then,
and I'm even more certain I'm right now.
Which is that on ten-seven,
because I'm arguably the foremost expert
on Islam on the planet.
I know the religion better than anyone
else,
having written the five volumes of...
Goddamn religion,
which takes the entire Quran,
rearranges it chronologically,
puts it in the context of Muhammad's life
as delivered by the chronological and the
biographical hadith.
No one understands who Allah is and who
Muhammad was and the first Muslims,
what they did better than I do.
And so I understand that Israel was in
a very difficult position.
And they're in that difficult position
because they don't know their enemy.
I predicted that they would announce that
their enemy was Hamas as opposed to Islam.
And Hamas is simply a symptom of Islam.
If you're going to go to war against
Hamas,
you will certainly lose against Islam.
You know, that's like, yes.
So that was the first.
And the second was I knew that they
would go into Gaza and that in Gaza,
their goal would be to disarm and
eliminate Hamas.
And what I have learned about religious
zealotry,
particularly in a religion that celebrates
death,
where Allah says that all Muslims must die
killing for him,
is that you cannot win a war against
a religious foe using bullets and bombs.
You will make more of them,
not less of them.
And so what I recognized and I wrote
and publicized on ten seven of twenty
three was that Israel would likely invade
Gaza.
and bomb gaza and when they did so
they would not only make more hamas and
make more islamic jihadists than they kill
therefore having it be counterproductive
but because israel would not pay attention
to the war of public opinion and israel
has forfeited it and this makes it all
that much worse
then Israel was going to isolate itself
from the world,
become a pariah in the world,
and ultimately become a vassal of Donald
J. Trump,
which is exactly what has happened.
So by destroying Gaza,
Israel has put itself in a horrible
position because the world looks at them
as savages.
The world looks at them as having...
perpetrated genocide.
The world looks at them as being so
much more powerful than their foe,
and they just keep on bludgeoning them and
destroying all of their homes,
such that you turned the homes of two
point two million people into rubble.
And that is the image that is being
seen because Israel did a horrible job of
conveying what happened on ten seven i
mean to a large extent we don't even
know what happened on ten seven we don't
know how many rubs took place we don't
know how many children were actually
killed uh and the evidence was all there
israel just didn't show it
And you can say that, you know,
out of respect for the families of the
deceased,
if you're going to try to save your
country and if you want the deceased's
life to matter,
then you show everything you can about
them and they wouldn't do it.
And because they didn't do it and they
waited too late to show the GoPro camera
film from the uh hamas uh and uh
in fact eighty percent of those that came
in israel were not even hamas they were
just everyday islamic jihadists in tennis
and tennis shoes and sneakers they walked
down uh that by doing that they were
going to destroy israel's reputation
making Israel far more vulnerable,
isolated from the world,
and it making it inevitable that the world
was going to force Israel to capitulate to
a Palestinian state carved out of its
heart.
The prophets had said that was going to
occur, and we knew when that occurred,
Israel,
by its destroying of Gaza and fighting
seven different countries at the same
time,
that
Israel would become so vulnerable that
Alaska flood to point O would then be
inevitable and what Israel didn't
understand and I tried to make clear to
them and You can read this my open
letter to them.
It's it's the third chapter of volume one
of Goddamn religion free at yada.com go
and read it What I learned
is that the purpose of Alaska flood,
the ten seven invasion of Israel,
was not to occupy Israel,
wasn't to conquer Israel.
It wasn't just to kill some Jews.
The purpose of it was to be so,
and now Shenwar's letter,
which he wrote on that day,
confirms that I was right.
It was to be so barbarian, so sadistic,
that Israel would respond the way it did.
What Hamas wanted, Qatar wanted,
is for Israel to be so upset that
they go into Gaza and destroy Gaza because
they knew that if they killed tens of
thousands of women and children in Gaza
and destroyed Gaza,
the imagery of that would destroy Israel.
The Israel that they could not beat an
all out regular war would be so isolated
and so disgusted by the world.
They would prevail against Jews worldwide.
They would turn the world against Israel
and they would cause the world to vote
almost unanimously.
And finally,
the United States to capitulate because
they bribed Donald Trump for it.
twenty billion dollars that they that an
internal Islamic state would be carved out
of Israel and that what that would do
based upon this scenario is to create
Alaska to point out.
Where rather than.
Four or five thousand Islamic jihadists
and ten, fifteen thousand rockets.
It's going to be one hundred and fifty
thousand rockets, maybe.
Ten times that and from both or from
all directions.
Yeah.
And it's going to be it's going to
be millions of jihadists and they're going
to come from Syria and from Turkey and
from Egypt and from Jordan and from Saudi
Arabia.
They're going to come from everywhere.
And they're also going to come inside of
Israel from this new Islamic state and
that they will
control the way they did previously but
not just a few uh you know half
a dozen small communities they're going to
terrorize and control every small
community in israel and then with
particularly with turkey and with iran
they're going to bomb with missiles and
drones the largest cities like tel aviv is
essentially out of existence
And this is what Israel set itself up
for.
This is why I was so antagonistic on
Netanyahu's plan that we're going to,
and he's still repeating it,
we're going to disarm and eliminate Hamas
and take them out of power.
And it's not possible.
They've been doing it for two years.
You cannot remove Islam from an Islamic
community.
Gaza is entirely Islamic.
Hamas is Islamic.
It cannot be done.
You could work at it for a thousand
years and you could not get it done.
And this whole thing was,
Israel was played to do this very thing
so that Israel would become vulnerable and
Alaska flood two point O would shake the
country to its knees.
And the prophets speak of the time of
Israel's troubles being so horrific.
Two out of every three Jews died.
Die.
So that is what we're that's what we're
looking at here.
This is what Israel did to itself by
not knowing how to respond.
And if you recall,
I gave Israel a five point plan of
saying,
if you do these things instead of that
thing, you'll prevail.
So it's not like I'm saying they should
have done nothing.
No,
I gave them these precise things they
needed to do, none of which they did.
And they put themselves in this position.
And as a result,
it's going to be a matter of no
more than six or seven months.
Donald Trump will betray them.
He's been bribed to do so.
There is going to be a fake Estonian
Islamic state carved out of the heart of
Israel.
And by within two years,
we're going to witness Alaska collapse.
flood two point oh it's going to be
a thousand times worse yeah i mean all
they have yada yada at this point that
is that is their only answer for for
if you want to get out of this
alive you want to get out of it
alive you need to know who the enemy
is and read uh
Goddamn Religion, the five volumes of it,
free at YadaYah.com.
And if you want your own soul to
survive it,
you need to read the thirty five books
that also on the bookshelf at YadaYah.com.
Every book is free in its entirety.
So that's our advice to you.
That's Yahowah's advice to you.
This was just a really throwaway picture,
but the reason I posted it is you
look at all of the religious structures in
that picture between the mosques and the
cathedrals and the churches and the like.
Israel is such a religious place.
that I'm just looking forward to the time
that Yahowah removes it all.
On Teruah and twenty thirty three,
which is year six thousand Yah,
God is on record saying that he is
going to incinerate and completely
obliterate all traces of religion.
So
Buildings like this one in the forefront
that is a religious building will be no
more.
And then God's going to replace all of
the religiosity and the politics and the
militarism with the conditions that are
very similar to what Adam and child
experienced in Eden.
Can't wait.
It'll look nice just as beachfront.
Yeah, it'll be beautiful again.
Yeah, it's going to be paradise.
I think Yashiyah and Yermayah talk about
them using the houses that are left over
to house the sheep in.
Well, that's in Gaza.
What was interesting is that the morning
of ten-seven of twenty-three,
when uh very early we witnessed the first
of the muslims coming in and i was
of course horrified because we went twelve
hours without the idf showing up the idf
completely betrayed israel uh the masad
betrayed israel sin bit completely
destroyed uh betrayed israel and there
They're taking the captives back into
Gaza.
Never should have happened.
It should have been impossible.
And people just walking into Israel.
And I remember seeing all of that and
just being horrified that it was
happening.
And at the time,
I was translating Zephaniah.
And it's in Zephaniah where he says that
Gaza is going to become a sheepfold,
that everything in Gaza will be reduced to
pasture land.
So that's God's intent with Gaza.
are we doing oh oh yeah this is
was an interesting uh post now one of
the things that you you never know because
we're we're dealing with the feeds on
social media is whether or not it's true
or false uh it was a post today
on uh on x where they were saying
that x is the number one news source
in a hundred and fifty countries around
the world
and there's only about a hundred and
ninety countries around the world so
they're claiming that they're the number
one nude source and my retort was yes
and also the number one source for uh
racist rants for anti-semitism uh and for
uh you know religious calls of uh of
genocide and overall stupidity uh is
you're also numero uno for all of those
things
And so you'll never know on whether this
happens to be in my Facebook feed here,
whether or not the person who presented
this as news, which is the U.S.
plans to establish a five hundred dollar
military base near the Gaza border,
is telling the truth or not.
The likelihood of America spending money
like this, which, you know,
for America with a near forty trillion
dollar national debt and no spending money
like drunken sailors on the way to their
own bankruptcy party, you know,
five hundred million dollars isn't even
billions of dollars are hardly even worth
talking about.
So I don't have a problem with that.
And my issue really is and the point
I wanted to make.
is that whether you like it or not,
and we happen to love Israel,
we stand for Israel.
I will lay down my life for Israel.
We're committed to awakening Israel and
reintroducing Israel to Yahowah, their God,
and to do to their savior and king.
That is our goal.
We want to reintroduce Israel to the Torah
and to Yahowah and to the covenant.
and to the seven annual invitations to
meet.
So we're all about Israel.
But Israel has,
because of its actions and because of
Netanyahu,
has become a vassal of Donald J. Trump.
They either do what Trump says or it's
over.
And so Trump says,
you won't do this and they won't do
it.
I mean,
they are literally controlled by Donald
Trump.
And what vassals do with their vassal
states is,
is they put military bases on them.
And so this is Donald Trump saying,
here's my spear in the sand.
It's being built in Israel.
We own you.
Do not get out of line.
This is not to do something in Gaza.
This is to control Israel.
Yeah, yeah,
because there's nothing in it for the
United States.
And all they do is put...
their soldiers, American lives,
in harm's way for people that want to
kill them.
Because Muslims don't care.
We can shoot at the Jews.
We can shoot at the Americans.
Get the heck out of our homeland,
so-called thing.
So it makes no sense.
Well, they will kill Muslims.
They don't care who they're killing.
They kill far more Muslims than they do
Christians or Jews.
But the fact of the matter is that
The U.S.
has made lots of bold statements about
Gaza, none of which are true,
none of which are going to ever
materialize.
But this is not about Gaza here.
It's cloaked as Gaza has all to do
with Israel having made itself a vassal of
the United States and vassal countries are
controlled by foreign militaries.
That's what this represents.
Yeah, we're going to take a little dirt.
Wow.
Yeah, definitely a related post.
It's the reason why I have gone out
and I've said it now a thousand times
over these years.
Well, I see over there on,
I guess it's only on the full feed
that
We actually have Leia is participating in
this program.
I don't know if you've noticed that,
but we do have Leia,
even though she's in Florida.
Yep, there she is.
So we have my wife contributing to the
program today, Rich.
She does look a lot cuter than you
are.
I hope so.
Yeah.
We thought we would have her as part
of the show.
I'm just kidding.
Actually,
that picture right there was drawn by our
mutual good friend,
my good friend for twenty years and a
man that you've come to know now quite
well.
That's Kirk, Captain Kirk.
Oh, wow.
I drew that.
That was a dress and jewelry that my
wife wore at a wedding of my youngest
son.
That was the rehearsal dinner dress for
the wedding of my youngest son.
And she, of course,
wore that dress because she wanted to tell
my ex, in no uncertain terms, you lost,
sweetheart.
He upgraded.
Right.
It was really fun to see her play
that role.
It, of course,
made me feel great because of how bitter
and contentious my ex was.
But that's the outfit that she wore,
and my good friend Kirk painted it for
me.
It's just kind of what brothers do for
brothers.
It's your yowza moment.
It was a yowza moment, yeah, clearly.
For me, that was a yowza moment.
She was beautiful.
We can stay on that picture.
I was going to comment on it.
What that picture there says,
and the reason I wanted to talk about
it,
it says that sixty percent of Palestinians
are satisfied with Hamas's performance.
And so, you know,
they have the little children and the
women and everybody.
They're, yay, Hamas.
This is my point.
that in Islamic Gaza,
the Islamic organization is going to be
approved.
There was Hamas and the Palestinian
Authority, the PA, which is the PLO.
In Gaza,
the Gazans preferred Hamas overwhelmingly
to the less terroristic,
And the same thing is true in the
West Bank.
The reason why in Gaza and Sumeria there
have been no elections for the PA and
upwards in twenty years is because the PLO
knows that Hamas is preferred five to one
over them.
And so Muslims, because of the Quran,
which orders all Muslims to die killing
for Allah,
is such a death cult that the most
ruthless and deadliest organization,
you know, Muhammad was a rapist.
He was a pedophile.
So they see nothing wrong with raping and
pedophilia.
Muhammad funded Islam on the...
human trafficking,
and on kidnap for ransom.
So all of these are approved and good
Muslim behaviors.
So Hamas is a really good organization
from the point of view of somebody
indoctrinated in Islam.
And you don't have an appreciation for how
rotten Islam is until you read the five
volumes here of goddamn religion,
and then you know.
And so the fact of the matter is
you can never eliminate Hamas from an
Islamic enclave like Gaza.
So we just should completely dispel that
notion.
What they're trying to do is impossible.
It cannot be done.
And this is the consequence.
After two years of destroying Gaza,
they're still saying, yay Hamas.
We can't fix this.
Yeah, we can't fix this.
Mothers are proud.
Mothers, all they can think about,
the highest calling for their child is to
die as a martyr.
And not my eight-year-old son.
No, my six-year-old son,
my five-year-old daughter.
If they could just die as a martyr,
that's the greatest thing I could hope
for.
Wow.
Yeah.
It's in Europe.
It's in Dearborn, Michigan,
the United States here, you know, Mondani.
You cannot fix it.
I mean, this cannot be fixed.
The terrorism is germane to the Koran.
There's only one exemplar in Islam.
It's Muhammad.
And he was a ruthless terrorist,
led seventy five terrorist raids.
He was a mass murderer.
He was a rapist,
slave trader and pedophile.
You cannot fix Islam.
There is no alternative to Muhammad.
There's no reformation.
No, it cannot be fixed.
There's no reformation for Islam.
That particular picture there just was so
interesting that we have this mother
goddess cult that came out of the closet
today.
They admitted that they're a mother
goddess cult today,
and they did so on some really stupid
basis.
And I just like the fact that I
saw, and a mutual friend of ours,
this is Matt,
Matt was talking about you should distance
yourself from people who lie to you,
who disrespect you, and who use you.
Well,
that mother goddess cult who is
perpetrating this idea that there is a
spiritual mom and that God is too
personality.
He's fully mother and fully father.
And the lies that they have to underlie
that, which I absolutely destroyed today.
Well, I can't say that I destroyed them.
Yeah, I would destroy them.
But this came through first,
and I was saying, boy,
that's exactly what this woman who is the
psychopath that has lied to people,
disrespected them,
and used them for her own agenda has
done.
You need, if you're anywhere near that,
to distance yourself from it.
And then...
I posted that and the next thing I
went to my email and my friend who
had gone to their We Hate Craig website.
Which one?
Had this thing on,
this is why we're mother goddesses.
And it just was astonishing.
So the juxtaposition things sometimes is
really interesting.
Notice that letters that cross in the
mail, this is an example of that.
That's kind of an interesting format,
Kevin and Rich.
As I said,
we didn't know how this was going to
work out,
but the idea was we were going to
do a vlog on a blog.
The Facebook site is a blog.
I'm ready for Twitter, too.
Yeah.
Yeah,
so this is actually a blog or a
vlog,
a speaking video live stream on our blog
on Facebook.
And I just think it's so much more
interesting to go into the nuances that
cause one to say these things,
to reveal these kinds of things,
what it means for your life,
why it's interesting in today's world.
And for all those people who love
blogging,
and who love social media,
and for those who prefer to listen to
the message as opposed to reading about
it,
because most people don't want to read
anymore.
What an interesting juxtaposition of the
two most popular ways to communicate in
the world today.
The blog and the vlog are now one
here with our vlog on the blog.
So I think it's an interesting experiment.
We'll hear what others have to say as
we continue to do this for a while.
This particular graphic,
the idea was to say that things are
going to get much worse before they get
better.
I think this was also something that was
posted by our friend Matt.
And my comment was that
We're now just about seven months from
entering the time of Israel's troubles,
where two out of every three Jews are
going to die.
It's the worst time in world history,
and therefore much worse than the
Holocaust is what's coming.
And so what we're tracking in terms is
going to get worse.
That is that very sharp decline to that
bottom point.
That bottom point is Teruah in twenty
thirty three.
that's when it all changes and it goes
rapidly back up and and teruah is when
god's going to eliminate all politics all
religion all militarism all conspiracy all
anti-semitism it all goes away in an
instant and the earth gets transformed to
the conditions of eden we have Dowd
returning ten days later with Yahowah on
uh caporum then we're invited to re-enter
eden on Sukah and then we have this
marvelous opportunity to teach the mortal
remnant of israel that is purged of the
religiosity uh so that they become
covenant members and then we move beyond
that thousand year celebration into
eternity where the entire universe is our
playground that is that is exactly what
we're going to witness uh kevin
over these next eight years leading to
happily ever after over a thousand years
I'm on board i i got my ticket
so I'm ready yeah I'm ready too man
Going to be right there in the midst
of it.
We'll do one more and then we'll call
it a night.
I think we've gone over an hour on
our first.
Yeah.
So we just talked just briefly about that
one.
I've been studying this here recently just
because I found it interesting.
I have studied every which way that these
massive pyramids could have been built.
And, you know,
basically stone and copper tools.
And
The size of these stones,
most of which were brought in from from
five hundred miles away.
Cutting these stones to that precision and
putting them up in this manner,
we are told to believe that they were
done for a particular pharaoh,
Pharaoh Khafre,
and built over twenty years by large
numbers of Egyptians who were paid in beer
and bread.
Right.
It's not possible.
It just...
we have tried archaeologists have tried
every which way with every kind of tool
imaginable that would have been available
can't be done it's just it's not not
remotely feasible and so we in looking at
the sphinx when a part of the sphinx
was covered over in sand for a very
long time the part that was covered over
in sandwich of the body of it uh
has suffered
decades,
centuries of very heavy water erosion,
rain.
And the last time that there was that
kind of water erosion was at the end
of the last ice age,
when this desert got that kind of rain,
that was ten, twelve thousand years ago.
which was the most climactic event ever.
We actually went through the tail of a
comet stream and it caused worldwide
desolation of whole civilizations.
But human civilization had advanced way
beyond what it would re-emerge at some
time around twelve thousand years ago.
And there is evidence that the Sphinx
dates back to that period.
And the time to build this of when
we're told in the standard Egyptian
timeline and with the tools that were
available to them, it's not possible.
So I just thought it was an interesting
thing to think about as to when it
was actually built.
For what reason?
You know,
there is there's the Pharaoh that it's
claimed for.
There is no reference to him anywhere
inside of that structure.
Nothing.
yeah so uh we're just clearly are being
misled on what it's all about i've been
there uh and it's a magnificent sight uh
even to see it in this rough form
but uh i i would be curious as
to when they were actually built and for
what reason um they actually align with
these uh the three large pyramids they
align with orion's belt and but not um
orion's belt as it was uh in twenty
five hundred bce
but instead, twelve thousand years ago.
So it's just an interesting a bit of
archaeological insight.
I'm always curious and
It's something to think about.
We clearly do not have the answer for
what actually happened there.
And the master of archaeological
discoveries in Egypt is a little dictator
and he will not allow anything.
If there is a dig that like,
for example,
they found a super large chamber in that
pyramid.
And they've found the two doors that lead
to it.
He won't let anyone open them and has
precluded anybody from entering those two
large chambers for a decade.
And anytime anybody unearths something
that is contrary to what he's trying to
sell as the standard myth,
they're shut down.
So we don't know the story there.
We'll do one more.
We will.
We'll know the story soon enough.
Yeah, we will.
We will.
Do you want me to run the audio
on that?
Yeah.
What he's essentially saying is that
America has sold out to Muslims.
And it's true that Saudi Arabia,
United Arab Emirates,
and Qatar has bribed Trump to the tune
of twenty billion that we know of.
And they've also bribed American
universities and they've bribed
social influencers like Candace Owens and
Tucker Carlson and many others.
And they had clearly gotten to Kirk,
who went from being pro-Israel and being
paid hundreds of millions of dollars by
Israel to being paid far more by Qatar
to speak out against Israel.
And he had made that transition in his
last days.
What was just always interesting to me is
the Communist Manifesto with Karl Marx.
He was saying that the capitalists would
actually buy the rope to hang themselves,
or they would make the rope to hang
themselves.
Well, in this particular case,
America and the West are undergoing
suicide by Islam,
and it is Muslims who have paid for
our funeral.
Well,
Marx was very clear about there needing to
be a certain amount of capitalism before
Marxism or socialism could be implemented
because capitalism built the
infrastructure better because it built the
factories for the workers to work in and
things, where socialism didn't do those.
It didn't.
build those things as well.
What Mark, of course,
didn't know is that without incentive,
there is no productivity.
And again,
the gang mentality versus individual
mentality,
an individual with incentive to better
their life and their family is a much
more inventive, much more resourceful,
much more productive than somebody sitting
in a government building that has...
never built anything in their lives.
Every experience in Marxism has been the
destruction of value,
the destruction of economies,
the destruction of freedoms.
Everything is worse in a Marxist
environment.
Look at North Korea versus South Korea.
During H-IX Berliner with Kennedy,
look at East and West Berlin.
The difference is just astonishing.
I was one of the very few people
that was able to travel throughout the
Soviet Union from the West.
And I made it all the way from
Leningrad all the way across,
which is now St.
Petersburg,
all the way across into Siberia.
I was assigned a KGB agent that monitored
everything that I did.
It was on the Orient Express.
And so I saw the Soviet Union when
Marx and Lenin and Stalin were presented
as gods,
very much like the MAGA presents Trump
today with the same kind of things and
their sayings and the like.
And at the same time,
I was the first group of Westerners that
was allowed into communist China.
I went in with Tenzing Norgay,
who was the Sherpa that led Hillary up
Everest.
And so when we went into cities like
Shanghai,
no one in those cities had seen a
Westerner, and they're in lifetimes.
There were millions of people hanging out
of the buildings and on the sidewalk just
to see us walk through and drive through
and were large feasts every night when we
were greeted.
And so I was I was able to
see the stifling effect of communism.
very early in my life.
And the things that I recognized is the
people of Russia and the people of China
were wonderful.
They were just exceedingly nice people.
And I still think that is true.
And I was actually one of the very
first to build a factory in the free
enterprise zones in China that
revolutionized China.
China didn't become a powerhouse through
communism, but through free enterprise.
And I was responsible for building a
some of the very first of those.
So I've lived a life witnessing the
stifling effect of Marxism and the benefit
of free enterprise.
And having been there,
I'm so sad to see a world that
would elect a Marxist as a mayor of
New York City or how today's youth are
so Marxist in their mentality and they
just have no concept of free enterprise or
of economics or have any idea of history
and to what the difference is between
these systems.
So it's just a great travesty.
And now because of the black ooze that
was found underneath the sands of the
Muslim Middle East and the susceptibility
of politicians and educators and
influencers to bribes, the game's over.
We lost.
We had them purchase our funeral.
Wow.
Yeah.
I remember, uh, um, old Russian proverb,
they, they, they pretend to pay us.
So we pretend to work with very, uh,
you know,
and that's exactly the reason that the
alcoholism was so rampant in, in,
in Russia was just,
there was why there was nowhere to go.
There was no upward mobility for yourself
whatsoever.
Yeah.
Everyone had a Dachka,
but it was a rundown piece of crap
and you couldn't, you know,
I have been,
I had the privilege of going back to
Russia many times over the years.
And my last trip through Russia,
it was just amazing to see the,
first of all,
the love they have for Putin and for
the people.
the renaissance of that country uh it is
uh it's it's a beautiful country uh with
wonderful people uh that's why I'm and we
will do a another program where we have
uh rich i hope rich comes in back
in a moment we'll uh we'll end this
uh episode but i I'm I'm certain we
will do a episode where we talk about
all of the lies underlying the ukrainian
proxy war uh because americans have been
duped into viewing
Putin and Russia as the boogeyman,
and China and Xi as the boogeyman,
when the people of Russia and China are
not, by any stretch of the imagination.
And the leaders of those countries are
actually more honorable than the leader of
our country or of any country in Europe.
And it's important for us to know what's
happening there and why it's happening.
And I'm in a unique place.
I've been there all along and participated
in their economies.
I know them.
I've been there.
I've done that.
And I guess you have to be really
old by the time you can say that.
And unfortunately,
we have two or three generations that
essentially know nothing.
And they're just full of opinions.
You know what the number one favorite job
is now of people under thirty five years
of age?
They don't want to work in a factory
influencer.
They want to be a social influencer.
That's correct.
Yeah, there you go.
All right, well,
this has been the first ever vlog on
a blog.
We'll find out what people think of it.
I think it was fun.
I had a good time.
Leave us comments.
Let us know what you think.
Yeah,
what a marvelous way to talk about the
things that are being presented in social
media and to make sense of them so
that people have a bit more of an
understanding of the underlying factors
and how they're going to play out over
this next year.
seven or eight years.
So thank you, Kevin.
Thank you, Rich.
This was a fun exercise.
Look forward to doing it again.
Matt, everybody.